Document the `no_cots_on_external_fetch` compatibility flag (#6214)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/_partials/_platform-compatibility-dates/dont-use-the-custom-origin-trust-store-for-external-subrequests.md

---
_build:
  publishResources: false
  render: never
  list: never

> name: "Don't use the Custom Origin Trust Store for external subrequests"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: "Do not use the Custom Origin Trust Store for external subrequests"
```
